Add missing meta descriptions (#180)
mongodb/docs-rust: source/fundamentals/transactions.txt

.. meta::
   :keywords: code example, ACID compliance, multi-document

>    :description: Learn to perform transactions using the Rust driver, ensuring atomicity and ACID compliance for operations within logical sessions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Learn to perform transactions  with the MongoDB Rust Driver, ensuring atomicity and ACID compliance for operations within logical sessions.
```
